So Which Plan is Better ICICI Elevate and
Neeva BPA Reshore 3.0 The Black Brand Now
ICICI is one of the biggest banks in
India and that is why they bring in a lot
of trust.  Niba BPA may not be back
by a bank but because they are back by BP a
79 year old healthcare company in UK
they are able to bring out most innovative
products in the Indian market.  But
when comparing products, I'm sure
it's not just the brand that matters to us.
What also matters is to also
understand the fine print in the core
benefits and even more how
claims are tracked according to the policy.  And that's what I
bring in this video.  Using my 20
years of experience and deep data back
research from IM Research.  I will break
down both these plans clearly for
everything that matters.  Mahavir [Sangeet]
Chopra is the Founder and Chief Executive
Officer of Beshaq.org.uk.
[Music]
Now here is what we'll be covering in this
video.  One a comparison of unique
features with the fine print.  To a quick roll
call of all the core benefits and the waiting
periods and the fine print in these waiting
periods.  Three A Detailed Look at the Real
World Service Experience.  Starting
with customer service and most importantly
claims experience.  Here is a quick
comparison of the pricing of both the plans.
And finally we will understand how these
plans are rated by ILM Research through
their product ILM Ratings.  Now what
is it IM rating?  IM Ratings is a
single data-backed score which tells you how
a specific plan is rated against all the
plans in the market.  Now there are series
of multiple number of plans that exist
including multiple versions.  How do you
compare all these plans on important
parameters such as claims, products,
service and everything becomes very difficult.
So ILM Ratings and IM
Research basically helps you with a single
data backed score which helps you compare
between all the plans in the market.  So we will also bring
you all the scores that
ILM gives to specifically these two
products.  Now wait one thing before we jump
into the review.  Look, health insurance is
full of terms and conditions legal and
medical jar.  While I try to keep it easy
for you to understand at any point if
you feel confused and want to have a
personalized one.  One to one conversation with
industry experts.  You can always consult
India's top 5% experts only on
Ofshare.org for completely free.
Mind you the experts are not call center
freshers but real experts with real
experience on claims and products.
Click on the link in the description to
book a free consultation.  And there is a number
showing on the screen.  You can also use
that to WhatsApp as a high and we will tame them.
Ok.  So moving on to the USP of
both the plans.  The first USP is common
between both the plans.  Both plans offer you
an unlimited sum insured option.  Meaning, there is a
sum insured of Rs 10 lakh, a sum insured of Rs 20 lakh
, a sum insured of Rs 50 lakh, a
sum insured of Rs 1 crore, and a sum insured of Rs 3 crore.
Let's say in case of ICID
elevate and there is an option of unlimited
sum insured.  Meaning there is no sum insured
limit, it is an unlimited cover that you are getting.
The next feature is Lock the Clock.
This is a feature that is
available in NV 3.0.  Basically, in this
feature, when you buy the policy, your
premium is locked to your age, right?  Right?
So basically what happens is that as soon as
you buy the plan, say if your age was
30 then the premium that is applicable to the
age of 30 is what you will be charged.  Now if
the premium for a 30 year old changes
only then your premium will change, otherwise
it will not change.  The only condition when
your premium can change is when you make a
claim.  That's the important thing to
understand.  Now ICICI Lombard does not have
this feature.  It is available only with NIVP
3.0.  Ok.  Moving on to the next USP
which is from ICICI Lombard Elovate it is
called Infinite Care Add On.  This gives
you an option of one time unlimited sum
insured option which is basically going to be available of course
for when you do not
choose the unlimited sum insured option in
this plan.  So what does this do?  Late since you have
taken a 10 lakh sum insured option.  Once
in your life time you will be able to claim
unlimited amount.  So let's say your claim
is 30 lakh, 40 lakh, 50 lakh, one crore.  This
basically allows you to claim that much once in
your lifetime.  Once you choose this and its
triggers for you and you opted for it in
your life time then of course this option
basically gets exhausted and then you can
never use it in the path in the future.  Now it's
important to understand that you can only
choose this in the first two years of the plan
and after that you can't choose this.  So
basically when you are buying the plan, in the first 2
years you can choose whether you
want this Infinite Care add on.  But if you do
not choose it in 2 years then you will never be
able to choose it.  See,
we have also mentioned the premium here – ₹1396 for a 10
lakh sum insured option.  So if you are
taking this add-on and taking a submit shot of Rs 10 lakh
for a specific use case that we
typically take and that will come in the remaining
part of the video.  It comes to around
₹1396.
Decent price for you to get something like this.
Ok?  The next USP is
available with both the pluses but there is a
difference.  So let's understand that.  It's a
the USP is called the OPD add on.  Basically,
all the health insurance policies
only cover hospitalization
which is your daily medication,
doctor consultation, it is not covered by medical checkup.
So these add ons basically now
most of the insurance companies are bringing these add ons where you can also get
cover
for your regular medication and all the regular
medicine related medical costs that you
typically incur.  Right?  So what is it
available in both the plans?  Let's
understand quickly.  In case of ICI lump
you basically get an option sum insured
option of Rs. 5000, 10000, 15000, 20,000,
25000 these are the options that you get.  Only
cashless is available.  So, you have to use
their app and their website to basically take
a kind of appointment with a doctor.  And
if you want to have a medical checkup and you want to
basically get any medicines, it will have to be
run through their ecosystem, their own
app.  Ah the premium that we are showing here
for 25,000 sum insured is ₹9,929.  OPD
premium is generally very high.
Because the usage of OPD is also very high.
So you will be surprised that a premium of ₹10,000
covers ₹25,000.  But yes, in
case of OPD premiums are high.  Let's
move on to what Niceshore 3.0 offers in the
black option.  Ah again there is a basically they
cover you for physical consultations,
teleconsultations, diagnostics, pharmacy,
dental procedures, everything.  Ah the sum
insured option is a little different.  You
basically get OPD cover of a multiple of the base cover you are taking and the health insurance premium you are paying.  So the
premium you are paying from Lets is
₹10,000.  So
you can get OPD cover in a multiple of ₹10,000.  So you can take 1x, 2x,
3x, 4x, 5x.  So if your
premium is Rs 10,000 then you can take OPD cover of Rs 10, 20, 30, 40,
50000.
Both cashless and reimbursement are available in this.
But if you take reimbursement then you will be charged
20%.  So its premium is
approximately the same test case which we have
taken which is a test case of 25,000, its
premium is 14,225.
Cashless reimbursement
is available in this.  So because of this the
premium is probably a little higher.  Now moving on
to the booster kind of an option which is also called
bonus super loyalty bonus.  It has many
names.  Basically, it is called bonus
that when you are renewing the policy, then
depending upon the conditions and
not any kind of condition, your sum
insured increases, so what are the
basically the benefits on the point of view
of bonus is what we will understand in
case of ICICI Lombard the regular bonus is
20% every year and goes up to 100%, this is
the inbuilt option in ICICI Lomb Elevate, but if
you take an add-on then the bonus becomes
100% every year and there is no cap on
accumulation, meaning your sum insured of 100 will increase to 200, 300,
400, 500 as long as you keep renewing
and this
is a guaranteed bonus.  There is
no linkage of any kind to your claims and that is what makes it very very very a very
strong feature about ICICI LAV now
moving on to NIBA Resure 3.0 so NIBA offers
a much better bonus feature it is basically an
inbuilt feature.  You don't have to take any type of add-on.  The
approach is a little different in this.
In this, basically an ad of this also came in
which it became very popular that
whatever you are not claiming,
you have paid the premium of a sum insured in a year
and you are not claiming, then all that
sum insured which you have not claimed will be carried forward to the
next year.
By carrying this forward, basically its ads also
ran.  The whole idea is that if you have
whatever sum insured, suppose you did not
claim and your sum insured was Rs 10 lakh, it will become Rs
20 lakh.  Let's say you claimed 1
lakh and next year when you renew your
10 lakh plus the previous years 9 lakh total will become
19 lakh and this accumulates up
to 10 x whatever your cover is, if you are
taking 10 lakh then basically it can accumulate up to 1 crore,
so that is the feature,
its benefit is that it is inbuilt, in case
of ICICI you will have to pay a little additional premium.
Now moving on to the next
important USP which is becoming very popular these days.
Global treatment.  Now basically a lot
of people want to get covered for
treatments outside India also.  We
see a lot of celebrities
and basically a lot of businessmen who
go abroad for treatment, go to US,
Singapore, Europe for treatment.
So this is basically becoming a
very interesting feature a lot of people want to come off
for what is this feature basically is what we will
understand.  So in case of
ICICI Longard it gives you an
Emergency Plus plan treatment cover for
outside treatment.  Cleaning Treatments
Outside India.  It is a separate cover; it is
not part of your sum insured.
You have to obtain an additional sum insured
for worldwide cover only.
You can avail a maximum cover of Rs 3 crore.
Suppose whatever plan I have
taken, I have taken a normal health insurance plan of Rs 3 crore
and I can
also take a worldwide cover of Rs 3 crore.   There are
two important terms and conditions in this
which are important to understand.  One is that there is a two-year
waiting period in this, that from the very first year
you will not be able to get basically worldwide treatment, global
treatment.  You can do this for a year.
By paying a little more premium, the
insurance company has given this additional benefit.
But otherwise the default
waiting period is 2 years.  And another important
thing which is very important to understand is that only
cashless is available.  This is not available on
reimbursement.  In this, it is a
good thing that cashless is also available, so there will
never be any tension.  But it is very difficult to
understand that when an insurance
company is saying cashless, but it is also trying to say
that you will have to go to my network hospital
only for treatment.  So if I am
somewhere outside India and
I need to take treatment and suppose any
network hospital is not available with that insurance company.
So that claim will not be payable, this is very
important to understand.  And that's why
cashless is a benefit.  But it also has a
very different condition that
you will have to go to a network hospital.  This can be
a major hitch, especially in emergency treatment.  So please
understand this carefully.  Now moving on
to the Newshore 3.0 Black, this also
covers emergency and planned treatments.
If you take sum insured of Rs 10 lakh,
you get two sum insured of Rs 5 lakh and Rs
10 lakh.  If you take unlimited sum insured
basically then you basically
get options from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 5 crore.
I am telling you this for example.  Its
basically depending on your sum insured.   The
cover you are taking for Worldwide, these people
call it borderless, basically
some insured options will be open up for you.
You will basically have to talk to an agent or any expert
and they can tell you all
these options.  It is
important to understand two things that I
told you in ICICI Lamb that it is necessary to be cashless
and there is a waiting period.  Both of these things are being
conditioned by Niva not BPA.  There is
no waiting period.  You can start
using it like you are using your regular
health insurance and cashless and
reimbursement both are available.  There is an
important condition which needs to be understood
which I find very reasonable that NIBA Bupa has imposed
that you have to choose the
standard private room when you are going to
a hospital outside India.  Now if you
want to take treatment outside also, then
you basically need a mountain facing room also.  You wo
n't get all that.  You basically get a
standard private room at the base level which is
a very, very good room where you have
your own washroom, you have an attendant space,
you have your own space, and there is nobody else
you are sharing with is what you will be
able to choose.  So these were all the USpiece
of the plan.  Ok?  So moving on to the core
benefits.  Let's do a quick roll call.   The
video is getting too long.
I will tell you quickly.
What are the limits of inpatient treatment which is IPD?
What is room rent limit and ICU limit?
In the normal case of Almard Elevate from ICI, you will get a single private AC room in the default case
which I just mentioned.
This same thing which I told in Global Treatment is applicable
here also that you
get the normal single private AC room which is the cheapest private AC room.
If you want the option of any room, you
can take an add-on and choose it.
You can choose any room in Neeva Bhupa Riash 3.0 Black.  He has
not set any limitations.  Next is pre
and post hospitalization.  90 days prior
and 180 days post in case of ICS number will be
allowed 60 days prior and 180 days post in
case of neighbor.  There is nothing special to tell in this.  To
quickly understand this, there
is a slight difference between day care treatments.  It is important to understand that ICI says that all
day care treatments are covered.  There are no
conditions attached.  In case of neeb
specifically there is a condition that we are
covering all day care procedures.  But the only
condition is that the treatment should be for more than two hours.
Now most things that I know,
most day care treatments that I know, two hours it will always
take but still this is a
condition that you should be aware of.  Next
is domiciliary treatment.
ICI covers long term domiciliary treatment
without any limit.  But 17
illnesses, 17 illnesses like asthma, diabetes,
hypertension are excluded.  You cannot
use home hospitalization in case of
specific 17 illnesses, in case of
ICI.  In case of Neve Boop all the enamel
is covered.  There is no limit, so you
can freely use domestic treatment.
Modern treatment and organ donors both have
covered up to SI.  Basically no limits
in both of them.  It is like any other
comprehensive plan that is available in the
market which does not put limitations on
these kinds of things.  That Was All The Core
Benefits That We Have To Discuss.  Basically
both have good features.  There
is no problem.  Good to have benefits.   Let's see
quickly.  Consumables cover.  This is
basically the talk of the town these days.  All the
experts and customers keep
asking for it.  In case of ICICI LBA
is an add on.  You will have to take an add on.  You will have to pay
extra premium.  68
listed non-medical items can be covered
after you take the add-on.  Premium
is also mentioned here.  ₹648.  Pay ₹650 extra
and all your consumables are covered.
Consumables cover of Moving On to Neighbor 3.0.  There is an add-on here too.
These 146 listed non-medical items
cover such as gloves, eye kits, infusion pumps, and extras.
Up to SI Both
cover up to SI only.  Its premium is very high.
Meaning here I am seeing that it will cost ₹359
in case of NIVA Recharge 3.0. There
are 146 listed non-medical items.
Compare that to here it is 68.  So that could be the reason.
Ah restore benefit is what we
will discuss.  Next is inbuilt in case
of ICI love but refills unlimited times
applicable for all analysis triggers for
partial treatments also partial exhaustion also and
triggers from the second
care so this is the standard restore which is the
good restoration that happens
in companies, there is definitely nothing to be afraid of in this, the
good thing is this in case of
NIOBOR 3.0 is inbuilt again restores
unlimited times applicable for all
analysis triggers on partial exhaustion same
is the triggers on the first paid game this is the
difference.  Basically ICICI is saying
that if your sum insured gets exhausted in your first claim then
I will
not give you restoration in that.  In case of
NIV BUPP 3.0, it is saying that your first
claim itself is very big and your sum
insured is exhausted, then also I will pay.
This is a quite an interesting thing that
Nivpar offering most of the
insurance plans that I am seeing so far do not have this.
This is a good feature that
NIV Y 3.0 is offering.  There is one more thing
that our research team has
left here, pay ILM ah research, once
this benefit is triggered after the first
ever paid claim, this stays for ever, this means there is
no requirement of another first
claim to retrigger this benefit at run.
Meaning basically there is no need for a first claim.
Once your claim is made in a year,
if you
need to use restoration in the next year, you will be able to do that too.
So basically there are very few conditions
kept for restoration use.  The most
open-ended restoration feature is
provided by the nib.  Next is maternity benefit.
This is useful for people who are young couples who are
recently married and or basically
anyone else who is planning a baby.  This add
on is in case of ICICI Lottery. It is available
up to 10% of sum insured up to a maximum of Rs 1 lakh.
Ah there is a waiting period of 2 years.  You can extend it for one
year by paying additional premium.   There is
no maternity benefit in Nivea Buer Eshur 3.0.  Ok?  So if you
are basically a young couple and you are basically
looking for a plan for maternity benefit then this does not even fit into
your whole plan.  Right?
So that's something that you need to
understand.  Moving on to exclusions
waiting periods.  The Temporary Exclusions
That We Always Talk About.  The first
exclusion which is the standard
exclusion.  Initial waiting period.   There is a
30 year waiting period in the first year but 30
day waiting period in both the cases.  In
case of ah ICICI Lamb Elevate and Niba BP
Short 3.0 this is standard in first 30 days
only you can claim accident
in first year.  After that you
can claim every year.  The second waiting period is the
PED waiting period.  Which is
basically your existing disease waiting
period.  When you buy the policy, you do
not get immediate cover for the diseases you mention.  You have to wait a few years.
After that you get the cover.  Both of them
impose a standard waiting period of 36 months as per the IIDA standard.  Customization options
are available.  That's what I'm going to show you now.
So let us understand the customization of The First ICICI.
You can have a waiting period of 30 days for six illnesses.  So
your waiting period will directly reduce from three years to one month.
In this, basically if you have all these diseases like asthma,
blood pressure, cholesterol, diabetes,
obesity and if you have undergone angioplasty a
year ago or more
and you are buying this plan, then
you will start getting cover from 31 days.
This is called a jump start rider.
Neeba Rushor 3.0
hits one type of sixer in this feature.
It's giving something which is quite new
in this insurance market in India.  It has
zero waiting period for around 145
listed PEDs.  So there is a list of illnesses
which has been prepared by Niva Bupa.  If you have
any of these illnesses, you may have basically zero
waiting period.  Obviously you have to
inform this to the insurance company.   The
insurance company will underwrite it.  It will evaluate its meaning.
After evaluating, if
they feel that you should be given this then they can
give it to you.  This means that you will
not have to wait for even 30 days.  This
is an important thing and obviously the
insurance company will charge additional premium for it.  It
is important to understand that.  But obviously, when you are taking this policy,
if
you have any of the 145 illnesses which are not in these six illnesses, then
it is giving you a specific
advantage.  And a basic modification is being received.
If you have any existing disease
and you want to reduce your waiting period.
In both cases, you have the modification
option available that you can extend the 3-year
waiting period to 2 years and 1 year by
paying additional premium.  Now let
us come to the specified treatment waiting period.
These are basically a list of illnesses
that every insurance company does not cover you
for the first two years and three years
depending on the disease.  Now in both these
cases there is a 24 month waiting period that is
applicable 90 days for non PD BP
diabetes and cardiac is also mentioned.
ICS Alamba for Elovate and 30 Days for
Cancer is also mentioned for Niva Bupar Yash 3.0.
Ok?  It doesn't complicate things a bit.
It seems simple.  The specified
treatment waiting period for both is 2
years.  If you need more details about
this plan or are
trying to understand it further, you should
talk to an advisor or expert.
If there is an advisor expert in your area location
who
is more famous for claims not for product or
for sticking the policy that hey you were
seen in the lift so I sent you the policy.
I am not talking about that one.  So
you can understand this in detail by talking to someone who has a good track record for claims.
If no one is able to explain it to you
, you are not able to find anyone in your area then
you can come to us as we offer free
consultations from India's top 5%
insurance experts.  We
screen them in detail and then only
allow them on our platform to be present and
be able to connect with customers.  Try Out
It Is A Completely Free Of Charge Service.
Now Moving On to Specified Treatment
is also offering a modification of the waiting period.  The insurance company is
giving you the option to change everything everywhere.  Just pay the
money to the insurance company.  ICICI
LBAD is reducing the tenure of 24 months to 12 months.
Niba BPA is also
telling you that you can reduce it
for 12 months.  You can also increase it
in 36 months.  Meaning this is a bit too much.
Butt is fine.  You can also increase it and
take more money in 36 months.  Meaning, if you do
not want to pay money then you can get a discount.
This is also available.  It is an interesting thing.
One Thing Before We Move Forward.
ICICI Elevate has a very important clause
that we had basically brought out in a post.
We will also show that post here in the screenshot.
It's called the material change
clause.  According to this clause,
you should understand this very well because this
is an important thing.  It is available in many insurance
plans and is a bit tricky,
so it is important to understand.  This is called material change clause.
What is material change
cause?  The material change clause states that
you have purchased the policy.  You
are guaranteed that the policy will be renewed for life.  Your ID as per
regulations.  But you have got some disease.
You have changed your occupation of some kind.
Your location has been changed.   If
any type of risk is changing for you, then
you will have to inform the insurance company
and the insurance company can
change your price or your terms accordingly.
Now this is not something which is
in the spirit of IDA regulations.  IDA does
not want any such regulation.
IDA has many regulations that
state in different ways that they don't
want this to happen.  But
this is in ICICI LBA plan.  Ok?  So when we
made this post, the insurance company
ICICI LBA also issued a clarification.
A public clarification was written
where he also mentioned Beshaq.
We will show that also on the
screen which will help you understand that they are
giving a clarification that always this is
mentioned in our policy wordings, here is a
clarification which says that we will
not use this.  Right?  We are 50% happy with this.
Obviously it would have been better to remove this.
Butt is fine.  If you are
taking this plan, then this PDF which
we have received publicly, which ICICI Lo has
taken, you can get it from our research team or our
community team and keep it
with you, this is a very important thing for you.
Moving on to customer service.  Customer
service means its ratings, actually
you will not get any type of data on any insurance
platform.  Because IIDA does
not publish it nor does any insurance
company publish it.  So our
research team ILM Research does their own
deep research about how good and
insurance company is on service.  Let me
tell you both the parameters quickly.  There are many
more parameters.  But important
parameters one is response time on toll
free.  Response time on toll free means if the
insurance company is saying that on Sunday from 8
to 8, it means it is written in big letters on their website
that from 8 to 8 they are available to take
calls.  Are they really available is what we actually
manually also check and we use a
bot also to check.  Now that is what we have done in the
case of both these companies.  It is
average in both these cases.  Basically it means
that when we compared it with all the other companies,
this company is as good as all the other companies.
Both companies are good.  Either is as
bad as it gets.  So it means you will
not get any surprise.  You are going to get what you typically
expect from an insurance company.
In terms of response
time for Twitter, we have marked both as
slow.  This is the first time that both are
equally bad or equally good.
Both have been marked A Slow by ILM Research.
Moving on to the most important part of the
video claims experience.  The claims
experience is varied because of the
many features an insurance company
can build.  Can make lots of good brochures.
Seeing the high commission, agents can be
sent after you.  But
if you are not paying the claim at the time of claims then there is
no benefit in this thing.  This is what we
solve.  One important thing I want to
say before I move forward is
that See is definitely a platform that does
not take commission from the insurance company.  Neither does
anyone take free marketing nor does anyone do
advertising.  The reason behind this is that
you get absolutely undiluted adulteration free content
so that you can actually choose the right source and the right
product.  Right?  If the
information you get on all the websites is
diluted because of the commission that they get.  How will
you make a decision?  And that's why we
decided to make Of Course Which Is
Completely Commission Free.  Even if it is
not commission free, please understand that
ILM Research, which provides
us data, is completely commission free.
Any type of unbiasedness is
not any type of biasedness.  It is
completely unlinked from any insurance
company in any manner.  And that's why the
kind of content that we will give you will be
completely unadulterated and adulteration free.
And so that helps you in understanding
products well and it also helps you
make better decisions.  Moving on, I will just tell
you the quick four things about claim
settlement that are hard to understand.  The
first one is the speed of claim settlement.
How quickly an insurance company settles a claim.
How many claims an insurance company
settles in the first 30 days out of all the claims it receives.
So in the case of ICICI LBA, this number
is 99.94% and in the case of Neeva BPA, it is 99.95%, so
both are equally good.  There
is no problem in this.  Both are doing a
very good job at speed of claim settlement.
Next is Claim Complaints.  The
insurance company is very concerned about how many complaints are coming
because the claims have been settled
but whether the customer is happy or not is
known from the complaints, so it will give you a
number 014% in case of ICI but 43% in
case of Niva, so actually the complaints of Niv BPA are
very high.
Almost three times.  So this is a red
flag for NIVPA. Incurred Claim Ratio is a
ratio which tells you that if
an insurance company collects ₹100 premium,
how much claim does it pay out of it.
60 to 80 is a standard ratio which we tell
people as a rule of thumb that it is a good
ratio which basically tells you that an
insurance company is not making losses at the same
time it is not making unreasonable
profits which basically means that it is
not paying claims. It should be 60 to 80. In
case of ICICI it is coming to 85.53%
which is higher than 80% which is our benchmark.
Anything smaller is a very small red
flag.  In case official 61.64%, then
both the sirs i.e. Niva Bupa and ICICI
are on one pole each.  Both according to me are not
good in terms of Incurred Claim Ratio
61.64% means it is absolutely borderline.  Ah
so in Incred Claim Ratio I would
request you to talk to an expert if you are
choosing any of this to plan
specifically and talk about this ratio.  The
next is the rejection ratio.  This is one of my
ratios which I definitely look at
if I am recommending a plan to someone.
Ah in case of ICICI Lombard Elevate the
ratio is 14.11% means if 100 claims are coming
to an insurance company
ICICI LBAR is rejecting 14 claims so quite a
high ratio when I compare to the other
plus that I have reviewed on YouTube ah so
this is a big red flag for ICICI LBA
Elevate ICICI LBR actually not even Elevate
because this ratio is
not the best product.  This ratio of IV Bua is
7.3%.  Now if you see it, you will
feel that this is half, so it is good.
But the rejection ratio of Neevapa is also
not good.  7% is also very very high.  So
I would typically want it to be under five is
what my personal view is about this
and both are above five.  So that's why it's a
red flag for NIBM also but for ICICI
it's an even bigger red flag.  So that's about
claims experience.  Moving on to
pricing.  It is important to understand the pricing because it will
also pay claims.  Insurance
company will also provide good service to everyone
but it should be affordable in case of ICICI
LBAD the premium is 13964 in case of Niva
BP Yash 3.0 Black it is 17926 this is for a
specific family ek Mr. Kumar karke
fictus family banai hai humne uske liye yeh
premium hai who is basically 30 years old who is
basically covering his wife and one kid who is one year old
living in Mumbai and
taking a 10 lakhs less insured so his
premium is 13964 in case of
ICICI 17926 in case of
Mega Bhopal.  That's the premium.  OK now
moving on to the ratings.  What are the ratings
that basically there are so many plans
in the world right now, I mean in India I
think there are more than 200-250 plans.
How to compare all the plans and so many parameters, fine print, benefits etc.?  So what have we done?   The
ratings are basically brought from ILM Research which is
an independent research platform
in India.  Ah they give ratings to each
plan and also to specific parameters.
So that's what I'm going to tell you.  It will
basically tell you where each company
stands compared to all other companies in the
market.  Right?  That is what we are going
to understand.  So basically the
rating that ICICI has got in the product is 4.69.  And
Neeva Bhupa has 4.56.  Very very close
to each other.  So basically it basically tells you that the
product is overall reasonable as
both are good.  Meaning it is
not reasonable but actually it is good.
Second is customer service rating 4.14 in
case of ICICI LBA 3.89 in case of Nib
Rushor.  So here in customer service, ICICI
takes the lead. Next is claims
experience rating. Here, the rating is 4.27
in case of ICICI and 4.13 in case of Neeva
BP Ashor 3.0. Here again, what I had said about
claim rejection ratio, I had
told that its claim rejection ratio
is higher than ICICI number, still how is its rating
basically better compared to Neeva 3.0.
This question came to my mind as well. I am
sure you are watching the video, you must have also come to my mind,
but this is my personal view on one
specific ratio issue. When a rating
company, a research company is doing ratings, they will
look at multiple parameters and then they will put
weights on each parameter and then do
an objective analysis. While I am
saying this, a person is saying that
research company does a much better job at keeping it
objective and underbuyers so go by the
ratings more than what I say. Genuinely, that is why
my verdict is so high.  The
reason I don't give it in detail is that it is
more important to keep it objective.  Let's understand the
overall rating in both the plans.  ICICI LB
Elevate Gates 4.3 out of five In Niva Bpar
3.0 Black Gates 3.88 This plan is going below four also.
Specifically, I think
this is due to the poor customer service and
comparatively low claims experience.  So that's
the rating for both these plans.  This
basically gives you a good insight into what these
plans are offering.  If in your opinion the
claim is more or the product
is more, you can also decide by looking at its rating.
But we provide an overall
ranking so that you can know how
ILM, which is an
independent research company, looks at all the plans
and where it ranks them.  It
is a third party and completely independent
and that is why their ratio matters to
us and that is why we are sharing it.   That's
it.  Hope you like the video.  Hope it was
useful.  We have cleared the confusion you had between these two plans.
If you have any questions
and want to ask, please ask in the comments.
Our team will definitely answer this.
And if you ever want to consult insurance experts, there are
insurance experts.
Genuinely insurance experts.
Not call center agents but experts who
actually have no products at the back of their hands.
Then you can basically click on the link below where we give
you a link which will tell
you where you can consult advisors
for free.  Or you can choose, you can basically see
a number on the screen that will appear right now.
You can just send a hi message
on WhatsApp and we will contact you and then we
will connect you to an export.
Thank you very much.  If you really
liked the video and found it helpful, then do
subscribe to us.  It will help encourage us
to do more videos.